COMMERCE-4565 Move Commerce sections outside Control Panel (#96)
liferay-commerce/liferay-portal: modules/apps/commerce/BREAKING_CHANGES.markdown

#### Why was this change made?

---------------------------------------

### Concurrency Management for Inventory
- **Date:** 2020-Sep-3
- **JIRA Ticket:** [COMMERCE-4565](https://issues.liferay.com/browse/COMMERCE-4565)

#### What changed?

> Moved Commerce at the same level of Applications and Control Panel in the
> Applications Menu. Also dropped the commerce-admin-api and commerce-admin-web
> modules.

Reviewer: @Commando18, I think this sounds better.

```suggestion
Moved Commerce to the same level as Applications and Control Panel in the
Applications Menu. Also dropped the commerce-admin-api and commerce-admin-web
modules.
```

#### Who is affected?

Developers: It's not possible anymore to add items to Commerce->Settings section
by implementing CommerceAdminModule.

> End Users: The Commerce sections are now at the same level of the Control Panel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
End Users: The Commerce sections are now at the same level as the Control Panel.
```

#### Why was this change made?

This change was made in order not to lose the navigation scope in the header

> bar, while remaining compliant with DXP 7.3 standards.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
bar while remaining compliant with DXP 7.3 standards.
```
